>> Great job so far.
In this lesson, you've used image analysis techniques like
Canny edge detection and Hough transforms to find lane lines in images.
These are the exact same techniques that you're going to need for the first project.
So, Ryan, what will students be doing for the first project?
>> Well, your goal in this first project is to write
a software pipeline to identify and
track the position of the lane lines in a video stream.
That might sound complicated,
but don't worry, you can do it.
A video is really just a series of images,
so you already have the tools you need to do this project.
>> Awesome. This project is
your first step toward becoming a real self-driving car engineer.
And in fact, this was one of my first projects when I was
learning to become a self-driving car engineer. So, let's get to it.